Woman with blonde hair and a black jacket is shown. Why don't I know you? I'm new. I just moved here from Africa. Woman sitting at a table in a classroom is shown. What? Woman is smiling while another looks on is shown. Woman in a plaid shirt talking to another woman is shown. I used to be homeschooled. Wait, what? My mom taught me at home. No, no, I know at home school is I'm not retarded. Woman in a black jacket talking to another woman is shown. So you've actually never been to a real school before? Young woman with long blonde hair and a blue shirt is shown. Shut up. The big bang - the big bang is shown. Shut up! And say anything. Woman talking to another woman in a room is shown. Home school. That's really interesting. Thanks. You're like really pretty. Thank you. Woman in a blue shirt is talking to another is shown. So you agree? Woman in a pink shirt is talking to another is shown. What? You think you're really pretty? Oh, I don't know. Woman with long hair and a blue shirt is shown. Oh my god, I love your bracelet. Woman in a pink shirt is talking to another is shown. Where did you get it? Oh, my mom made it for me. It's adorable. Woman with blonde hair and a pink jacket is shown. So fetch. What is fetch? Woman with blonde hair and a pink shirt is shown. Oh, it looks like slang. Woman in a pink shirt is talking to another is shown. I'm England. The big bang - the big bang - the big bang is shown. So here from Africa. Why are you white? Oh my god, Karen. You can't just ask people why they're white. Woman with blonde hair and blue shirt is shown. Could you give us some privacy for like one second? The big bang - the big bang - the big bang - the big bang - the big bang is shown. Yeah, sure. Okay, we should just know that we don't do this a lot. Woman with blonde hair and a black jacket is shown. Woman with blonde hair and a blue shirt is shown. So this is like a really huge deal. We wanna invite you to have lunch with us, Group of people sitting at desks in a classroom is shown. every day for The Breast of the Week. Woman in a plaid shirt is looking at something is shown. Two girls sitting at a table eating food is shown. Oh, it's okay. Coolness So we'll see you tomorrow. On Wednesdays we wear pink. Young woman looking at another woman is shown. Woman with long hair and a red dress is shown. If this podcast is for sure, Woman with blonde hair and a blue shirt is shown. it's not the first question. Why educational, but it's getting me so excited. Woman with blonde hair and a pink shirt is shown. Woman with long hair and a plaid shirt is shown. Young girl looks up at the camera is shown. You were a pick. Screen shot of a movie with the capt is shown. You were a pick.